_______________________ testing is intended to show that various sub-systems work together properly
A. Regression
B. Integration
C. Requirements
D. Black Box
E. Load
ANSWER: B
This type of testing is verification w/o peering into system’s internal structures
A. Regression
B. Integration
C. Requirements
D. Black box
E. Load
ANSWER: D
This type of testing is designed to check verify that changes have not broken previously working code:
A. Regression Testing
B. Integration Testing
C. Load Testing
D. Release Testing
E. Black Box Testing
F) No Idea
ANSWER: A
One difference between Scrum and Extreme Programming (EP) is ______
A. EP emphasizes several best practices such as TDD and paired programming
B. EP's life cycle model is more structured than Scrum
C. EP does not utilize sprints
D. EP does not have daily stand up meetings
ANSWER: A
What are the basic TDD steps?
A) Write a failing test, add source code that will pass the test, refactor
B) run all the tests, refactor the code add new code
C)  develop a new feature, refactor the code , add new code, pass all the tests 
D) develop a suite of tests, add code to solve the problem, retest all the code 
E) No Idea
ANSWER: A
Which is NOT a practice of extreme programming?
A) continuous refactoring of code as small improvements are found
B) all developers should capable of working any area of the system
C) an on site customer representative  should be available full time
D) developers should work together in small teams or 3 or 4 people
E) No Idea
ANSWER: D
One reason that node.js is very fast is 
A) Its asynchronous design is non-blocking
B) Its language is tightly compiled for fast execution 
C) Its language  kernel is small and quick 
D) It can support many simultaneous concurrent processes. 
E) No Idea
ANSWER: A
What is continuous integration(CI)?
A. Merging everyone's code together, building it, several times a day. 
B. Merging source code bases together automatically. 
C. Automatically running unit tests against an increasingly larger code base
D.  Automatically sending code updates to customer sites as changes occur 
ANSWER: A
What happens when a  continuous integration(CI) fails?
A.  The entire development team drops what they are doing and to fix the problem.
B.  A set of new tests are developed. 
C. All customers are notified immediately until an update is created and deployed. 
D.  The dev teams hold a reintegrationg meeting to review the test plan
E) No Idea
ANSWER: A
What is a weakness of branch coverage testing?
A. Multi-conditional expressions are not covered
B. Conditional expressions are too hard to completely test 
C. Test coverage tools do include branch coverage tests
D. Conditional branches cannot be reliably tested without exensitve tooling
ANSWER: A
What is the Test Driven Development Cycle:
A. Write a test, observer it fail, write code and repeat
B. Write code, develop working tests with failure and non-failure options, run the tests and repeat
C. Create a test plan, write the needed tests, write the code and run the tests
D. Create a test plan, write code, implement a corresponding test fromt he plan and repeat
ANSWER: A
Which of the following is NOT a claimed benefit of TDD?
A. More complete test coverage
B. Less defects in the code
C. Reduced Debugging effort
D. More consistent focus on quality 
ANSWER: A
Verification involves which of the following :-
i. Helps to check the Quality of the built product
ii. Helps to check that we have built the right product.
iii. Helps in developing the product
iv. Monitoring tool wastage and obsoleteness.
A. Options i,ii,iii,iv are true.
B. i is true and ii,iii,iv are false
C. i,ii,iii are true and iv is false
D. ii is true and i,iii,iv are false.
ANSWER:B
 The Switch is switched off once the temperature falls below 18 and then it is
turned on when the temperature is more than 21. When the temperature is more than
Identify the Equivalance values which belong to the same class.
A. 12,16,22
B. 24,27,17
C. 22,23,24
D. 14,15,19
ANSWER:C
Complete statement and branch coverage means:
A. That you have tested every statement in the program.
B. That you have tested every statement and every branch in the program.
C. That you have tested every IF statement in the program.
D. That you have tested every combination of values of IF statements in the program
ANSWER:B
Given the following fragment of code, how many tests are required for 100%
decision coverage?
if width > length {
  biggest_dimension = width
  if height > width {
      biggest_dimension = height
   } else {
      biggest_dimension = length
   }
   if height > length {
    biggest_dimension = height
   }
}
A. 3
B. 4
C. 2
D. 1
ANSWER: B
One advantage of the waterfall software development model (over incremental) is
A. Testing is easier to implement
B. It is higly structured and well defined 
C. It generates more predictable results 
D. It produces code releases faster
ANSWER: B
The statement "Custoerm collaboration Over Contract Negotiation" is one of:
A. The agile principles
B. The waterfall ideals
C. The agile values
D. A fundamental ideal in software project management
ANSWER C
If while interviewing, a manager says: "We are an agile development shop", it more than likley indicates
A. They have a specific Software development lifecyle that they use
B. They likely develop code using paired programming and continuous integration
C. They produce release on a specific lifecycle schedule
D. They subscrible to the mindset of the agile values and principles
ANSWER: D
One difference between Scrum and Exptreme Programming is: 
A. During a Scrum sprint no additional work can be added except by the team 
B. During an EP sprint, the customer arranges the priorities
C. During EP, the voice of the customer is provided by a product owner
D. The Scrum Sprint requires an extra test plan to be completed during the sprint
ANSWER: A
One of the practices of Extreme Programming is
A. A proxy for the customer should be present at all code testing
B. Code should be reviewed constantly by using paired programming
C. Code should be integrated into the load weekly
D. Code inspections should be carried out daily
ANSWER: B
According to our discussions, within Extreme Programming, continuous integration is a way to:
A. A way to build the product so that it can be deployed to different evnironments
B. A quick way to  state the current state of the development
C. A way to understand the customer requirements with the context of the current sprint
D. Provide feedback that the project is staying on its course
ANSWER: D
In comparing Scrum to Expreme Programming (EP)
A. EP has more strict development practices than Scrum
B. Scrum has more strict development practices than EP
C. The use about the same development proactices
D. Scrum uses the development practices to product code in tighter more controlled sprints
ANSWER: A
Which of the following are all componets of the user story format we discussed
A. Openning sentance, specific requirement number, acceptance criteria
B. Specific requirement number, estimatation of work and development plan
C. Statement of use, description of customer environment and specific requirement
D. Openning sentance, additional detail, acceptance criteria
ANSWER: D
With the EP model, an epic is
A. A potentially deliverable piece of code
B. A collection of user stories
C. A written description of a master user requirement
D. A collection of tests that match the user stories
ANSWER: B
The basic steps of TDD are:
A. Write a peice of code, develop tests and repeat
B. Develop a unit test, write code that passes, refactor code
C. Read existing code, develop tests and refine the code
D. Develop a  method, write several tests to stress the code, write the next method
ANSWER: B
One claimed beneift of TDD is:
A. A deeper and earlier understanding of requirements
B. Faster development effort
C. Better software design through tests required
D. Better coordination between the test team and development team
ANSWER: A
During the practice of continous integration two essentials are:
A. Code written such that it is testiable and portable
B. Use of fast test tools and people invested in testing code releases
C. the CI process is automated and its success is a high priority
D. quick deployment of releases and testable code 
ANSWER:C 
During a pure EP development process, who writes the acceptance tests?
A. The test team
B. The developers during
C. The product owner
D. The customer
ANSWER: D
One tool to help collective ownership of code is:
A. agree upon a common coding standard
B. hold daily stand-up meetings
C. randomly assign development tasks to team members
D. encourage team members to switch development teams after releases
ANSWER: A
The best definition of testing is:
A. executing a program with the intent to show it does what it is supposed to do
B. demonstrating the errors are not present in a program
C. executing a program with the intent of finding errors
D. execuring a program to demonstrate that errors are not present
ANSWER: C
Why is black box testing alone insufficent
A. Using the specific 
B. 
C. 
D. 




A

